Hello!

I would like to nominate myself as PTL for the Magnum project for the
Rocky cycle.

I have been consistently contributing to Magnum since February 2016 and
I am a core reviewer since August 2016. Since then, I have contributed
to significant features like cluster drivers, add Magnum tests to Rally
(I'm core reviewer to rally to help the rally team with Magnum related
reviews), wrote Magnum's installation tutorial and served as docs
liaison for the project. My latest contributions include the swarm-mode
driver, containerization of the heat-agent and the remaining kubernetes
components, fixed the long standing problem of adding custom CAs to the
clusters and brought the kubernetes driver up to date, with RBAC
configuration and the latest kubernetes dashboard. I have been the
release liaison for Magnum for Pike and served as PTL for the Queens
release. I have contributed a lot in Magnum's CI jobs (adding
multi-node, DIB and new driver jobs). I have been working closely with
other projects consumed by Magnum like Heat, Fedora Atomic, kubernetes
python client and kubernetes rpms. Despite the slow down on development
due shortage of contributions, we managed to keep the project up to date
and increase the user base.

For the next cycle, I want to enable the Magnum team to complete the
work on cluster upgrades, cluster federation, cluster auto-healing,
support for different container runtimes and container network backends.

Thanks for considering me,
Spyros Trigazis
