I'd be honored to continue to serve as your PTL for OpenStack Swift.

Looking forward to the Queens cycle, I expect current, ongoing work to
continue. Yes, we'll work on solving the next technical challenges for
the project. We'll make progress on container sharding and make
improvements to the consistency engine. We'll do what we can to
enhance testing and testability. We'll improve the way we store data
so that we can take advantage of all the resources modern storage
servers come with. We'll continue to ensure that Swift is the best
open source object storage system available, but the hardest
challenges we face are not technical.

The hardest challenge any community faces is that of ensuring its own
health for long-term sustainability. Our individual project is over
seven years old now, and many of the most active contributors to the
project, myself included, have been involved since the early days. We
have had new contributors join--we've had around 700 contributors so
far--and we've seen valued members of the community leave for various
reasons. We must ensure that our community welcomes new contributors
and supports them as they learn how Swift and the Swift team works.

These community sustainability questions are what I've been thinking
about lately, and this is what I'll focus on as PTL during the Queens
cycle. I think one important fact to realize is that there will always
be more people using Swift than are contributing to Swift. This simple
fact should encourage us to realize that despite how shifting
corporate strategies affect our contributor count, we must focus on
developing and delivering software that solves problems that people
have.

We are developing software that is meant to be used. As I have said
many times before, I hope to see Swift used by everyone, every day,
even if they don't realize it. When we focus on solving storage
problems and making our software the best it can be, we will see this
vision realized.
