Hi All

It will (probably) come as no surprise that I'd like to announce
my candidacy for PTL of OpenStack Charms!

We've made some good progress in the last cycle with some general
housekeeping across the charms set, including removal of untested
and generally unused database and messaging configurations. We've
also finally managed to complete the deprecation of the Ceph charm
with a well documented migration path to the newer Charms for
operators to use.

This is all great but we still have more housekeeping todo!

Specifically we need to complete migration to using Python 3
as the default execution environment for charms (this was started
during Queens, but is not yet complete).

I'd like to see more depth in the networking configurations and
choices the charms present (we already have specs raised for
Dynamic Routing and Network Segment support) and I think these
will appeal to operators with more complex networking requirements
for OpenStack.

I think we also need to finish the work we started last year on
improving the Telemetry storage; Aodh, Gnocchi and Ceilometer are
all looking in pretty good shape now, but we need to add Panko to
the fold!

I still think we have a bit of an issue with level of entry to
writing a charm - it turns out that writing a charm is dead easy;
writing unit tests is also pretty easy and familiar with anyone
who writes any amount of Python; enabling full functional testing
of a charm is much harder.  Our historic tool choice (amulet) does
not help in this area and I look forward to working with the dev
team this cycle to move us onto something that's a) more directly
maintainable and b) easier to engage with as we bring new charms
and features onboard.

I look forward to helping steer the project during the Rocky cycle!

Cheers

James
