I am writing to submit my candidacy for re-election as the PTL for the
Trove project (Pike cycle). I have been an active technical
contributor to the Trove project since just before the Icehouse
release when Trove was integrated into OpenStack. I have also
contributed code[1] and reviews[2] to some other OpenStack projects,
and have been an active participant in the Stewardship Working Group
[3] (SWG) and a not-so active participant in the Delimiter project.

I believe that in the Pike release we should continue to move forward
with the Trove project and continue to build on the improvements that
we were able to accomplish (some are still work in progress) in the
Ocata release.

- paying down our technical debt, including specifically some long
  standing items that were listed by the TC at the time when Trove was
  integrated, and improving our testing, addressing some long standing
  issues with dependencies between the server and the client, and

- making it easier to use Trove by eliminating the trovestack tool and
  instead offering a set of tools that will serve the purposes of end
  users and deployers alike, and

- adding support for new datastores, capabilities and configurations,
  and

- expanding the community, adding new contributors, contributing
  companies, and end users interested in the project, and

- streamlining the API with the implementation of better versioning
  support.

I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all members of the
development community who helped the Trove project during the Ocata
cycle; those who contributed code and reviews to the project as well
as members of the infra, release, stable, oslo, docs, dib, and other
project teams who helped us on innumerable occasions.

Not to pick on them too much, but I'd especially like to thank Davanum
Srinivas (dims), and Doug Hellmann for all their help on the release
team, and for all the things that they've done to make branching so
much easier. My thanks to Joshua Harlow, the PTL for oslo for his help
and support in getting a particularly knarly set of issues relating to
oslo_messaging.rpc put to rest. Last but not the least, to everyone on
the infra team who helped us with a bunch of changes that helped
considerably in speeding up the Trove check/gate process. The jury is
still out on those changes, but thanks folks for allowing us the
freedom to try the experiment.

Thank you, and I appreciate your support in the election. I have
Submitted this candidacy as review [4].

-amrith

[1] http://stackalytics.com/?user_id=amrith&release=all&metric=commits
[2] http://stackalytics.com/?user_id=amrith&release=all&metric=marks
[3] https://review.openstack.org/#/c/337895/
[4] This review
