Hi everyone,

I would like to announce my PTL candidacy of the Quality Assurance for
Rocky cycle.

I am glad and lucky to work in OpenStack community and would like to
thank all the contributors who supported me to explore new things and
ideas.
You might know me as gmann on IRC. I have joined the OpenStack since
2012 and 100% in upstream development since Ice-house release.
Currently i am contributing in QA, Nova & sometimes other projects too
and a core member in QA projects like Tempest, Patrole etc. Along with
that, I volunteered as mentor in the upstream institute and help to
bring new contributor onboard.

QA program always play a key role in smooth upstream development and
its quality. Also help production clouds for their testing and
stability. QA responsibilities are always challenging and need lot of
coordination and collaboration with each projects team. Till now we
have been doing good job which is not just because of QA team but it's
all together a combined effort from all projects.

Keep having  regular ideas from different contributors to improve QA
is phenomenal and I truly appreciate. Those ideas helped QA program to
grow more in last couple of years. One example is extreme testing of
OpenStack which is in discussion since previous summits/PTG with PoC
and will add strength to QA program. other example is Patrole for RBAC
testing which is really important for cloud security. My concentration
as PTL will be to make good progress in extreme testing or any other
new initiatives and make Patrole more stable and feature-rich so that
we can see their tests running in respective projects gate.

We have plugins framework approach for Tempest/Devstack/Grenade and
their plugins exist across almost all the OpenStack projects, I feel
that collaboration with projects team is the key role of QA team. Even
though, we have been helping and fixing plugins whenever needed but I
would like to improve more in this area. My objective is to make each
plugin owners to use the QA services and interfaces in more better and
easy way. I would like to improve the relationship and coverage of
help in every possible way.

Bug Triage and gate stability is the another important area for QA
team. We have been doing good in bug triage since couple of years with
target of 0 un-triaged bug. I would like to make sure we continue the
focus in both area in next cycle too.

Along with that let me summarize me the areas I am planning to focus
on in Rocky Cycle.

* Improvement and new Ideas in QA program as overall:
    - Improve the testing coverage for key features.

    - Improve QA process and tracking in more better way for planned
      deliverable.

    - New ideas and their progress to convert into a running software.

* Collaboration and Help:
    - Cross community collaboration on tool, idea sharing etc, opnfv,
      k8s are best example as of now.

    - Help the other Projects' developments with test writing/improvement
      and gate stability

    - Plugin improvement and helping them on daily basis by defining doable
      process and goal.

* Bring on more contributor and core reviewers.

Following are my contribution activities:
* http://stackalytics.com/?release=all&metric=marks&user_id=ghanshyammann&project_type=all
* http://stackalytics.com/?release=all&metric=commits&user_id=ghanshyammann&project_type=all

Thanks for reading and consideration my candidacy.

-gmann
