
Hi,

I'm announcing my candidacy to continue as a member of the Technical Committee.
When I ran a year ago, one of my goals was to foster more, and more
transparent, communication among the many parts of the OpenStack community. The
TC has made progress by being more overt and intentional in reaching out to
others and sharing information in an active way. I helped, with my weekly TC
Reports and other writing related to the TC [1], but there is plenty more to
do, especially as the infrastructure as a service community grows and mutates
to include CI/CD, Edge and container-related activities. Enough left to do that
I would like to continue for another term.

The growth of projects under the OpenStack Foundation umbrella will present
opportunities and challenges. We'll be able to deal with those most effectively
by having good communication hygiene: over communicating in a written and
discoverable fashion.

Changes in the shape of the community will impact the role of the TC and its
members. The TC has been something of a high-level judiciary within the
OpenStack technical community but increasingly will need to take on a role as a
representative of the community that develops what has traditionally been known
as "OpenStack" to the other nearby communities that are also now "OpenStack".

My candidacy note from last year [2] remains relevant and a good expression of
my opinions about governance and the overarching themes that concern me:
communication, openness, lowering boundaries between people and platforms,
maintaining developer sanity [3].

If I'm elected again I intend to encourage engagement by continuing with the
TC Report, making sure that we include the right people when making decisions,
and using media that is accessible to people of many languages and time zones.

I will also actively drive discussion and policy that leads to people who are
users of OpenStack in the broadest sense finding it easier to be regularly
active contributors to the open source projects which create OpenStack. We are
making progress with this, but much of OpenStack is still the domain of (often
overburdened) "professionals". Breaking into those domains needs to be simpler
and encouraged for the benefit of all concerned.

If you would like to look at my past voting record on governance changes that
can be found here:

https://review.openstack.org/#/q/project:openstack/governance+reviewedby:%22Chris+Dent+%253Ccdent%2540anticdent.org%253E%22

If you would like me to continue, please vote for me in the upcoming elections.
If you would like someone else, please vote for them. If you would like to
give it a try yourself, then please run; you have until the end of the (UTC)
day of April 17th to submit your candidacy. See the following for details:

https://governance.openstack.org/election/#how-to-submit-a-candidacy

Thanks for reading and your consideration.

[1] https://anticdent.org/tag/tc.html
[2] https://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/election/plain/candidates/pike/TC/cdent.txt
[3] https://anticdent.org/openstack-developer-satisfaction.html
